From rebecca.smalley at futurenet.co.uk  Tue Oct 18 11:46:51 2005
From: rebecca.smalley at futurenet.co.uk (Rebecca Smalley)
Date: Tue, 18 Oct 2005 10:46:51 +0100
Subject: [Kde-women] Linux Format article
Message-ID: <1BC67C60-3FBC-11DA-B1EB-0030653D71B0@futurenet.co.uk>

Hi all

I work on Linux Format magazine (www.linuxformat.co.uk). I am writing 
an article about women in Linux and would be very grateful if any of 
you were free to talk to me on the subject. What I want to look at in 
the article is whether there is some aspect of the Linux community that 
is somehow putting off women from becoming involved, and, if so, ask 
what Linux would be like with more women in the community. What are we 
missing out on, why does it matter that women are almost absent, what 
possible solutions are there, and so on.

It would be wonderful to chat (preferably by email) to women active in 
the community about their thoughts and experiences on the subject. The 
kind of questions I'd like to ask are:
1. How are you involved in open source?
2. How did you get involved, and did you have to struggle against any 
sexism, prejudice or assumptions about female programmers along the 
way?
3. Figures suggest that numbers of female programmers are particularly 
low in FOSS. Do you think there are things about the FOSS community and 
the open source development process that puts women off, be they 
conscious or unconscious?
4. Do you think the Linux world is suffering from a lack of women? How 
do you think it would be different if more women were involved in 
contributing and managing open source projects?
5. What do your male and female friends think about your involvement in 
Linux? Have you ever had a hard time from anyone about it?
6. Do you have any ideas for how the community could encourage more 
women to get involved?

If you'd like any more detail about the magazine or my planned article, 
please let me know.

With kind regards

Rebecca Smalley

Operations Editor
Linux Format
+44 (0)1225 442244 ext 5115
rebecca.smalley at futurenet.co.uk
www.linuxformat.co.uk

-------------------------------

Visit the LXF team blog at www.linuxformat.co.uk/blog


This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please reply to this email and then delete it. Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Future.

The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. Future accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email.

Future may regularly and randomly monitor outgoing and incoming emails and other telecommunications on its email and telecommunications systems. By replying to this email you give your consent to such monitoring.

